[Rewrite] Function Wikis - #1 (#201)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/userLeaderboard.md

# $userLeaderboard

> Returns the top 10 user's username and value for a given user variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the top 10 users' usernames and values for a given user variable.
```

> 📌 [`$userLeaderboard`](./userLeaderboard.md) automatically generates a description. So, [`$description`](./description.md) of index `1` should be avoided in the code.

## Syntax
```
$userLeaderboard[Variable name;(Sort)]
```

### Parameters
- `Variable name` : The variable to create the leaderboard for.

> - `Sort` : Sorts the leaderboard values in ascending (`asc`) or descending (`desc`) order. Defaults as `desc` (Optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Sort` : Sorts the leaderboard values in ascending (`asc`) or descending (`desc`) order. Defaults to `desc` (Optional).
```
